Content security policy (#922)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/bugsnag.mdx

## Getting started

RudderStack supports sending event data to Bugsnag via the following <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">connection modes</a>:

| **Connection Mode** | **Web**       | **Mobile**    | **Server** |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :------------ | :--------- |
| **Device mode**     | **Supported** | **Supported** | -          |
| **Cloud mode**      | -             | -             | -          |

<div class="infoBlock">

> While using the RudderStack <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#allowlist-destination-domain">JavaScript SDK </Link> source with Bugsnag, you need to allowlist this <code class="inline-code">https://d2wy8f7a9ursnm.cloudfront.net/v6/bugsnag.min.js</code> domain to load the Bugsnag SDK successfully.

Reviewer: It's better to put this info into a section to establish uniformity across destination docs and allows us to point to the standard section name in the SDK documentation.

```suggestion
In the web device mode integration (<Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk">JavaScript SDK</Link>), the Bugsnag native SDK is loaded from <code class="inline-code">https://d2wy8f7a9ursnm.cloudfront.net/</code> domain. You might need to <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#allowlist-destination-domain">allowlist</Link> this domain in your website's content security policy to load Bugsnag successfully.
```

## Getting started

RudderStack supports sending event data to Bugsnag via the following <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">connection modes</a>:

| **Connection Mode** | **Web**       | **Mobile**    | **Server** |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :------------ | :--------- |
| **Device mode**     | **Supported** | **Supported** | -          |
| **Cloud mode**      | -             | -             | -          |

<div class="infoBlock">

> In the web device mode integration, that is, using <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk">JavaScript SDK</Link> as a source, the Bugsnag native SDK is loaded from <code class="inline-code">https://d2wy8f7a9ursnm.cloudfront.net/</code> domain. Based on your website's content security policy, you might need to <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#allowlist-destination-domain">allowlist</Link> this domain to load the Bugsnag SDK successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the web device mode integration, the Bugsnag native SDK is loaded from <code class="inline-code">https://d2wy8f7a9ursnm.cloudfront.net/</code> domain. Based on your website's content security policy, you might need to <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#allowlist-destination-domain">allowlist this domain</Link> to load the Bugsnag SDK successfully.
```

Reviewer 2: We don't need to explain what web device mode is explicitly.

Reviewer 2: as discussed, we'll retain this.
